Update document for handle SageMaker throttling (#7331)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/neural-sparse-search.md

## Next steps

- To learn more about splitting long text into passages for neural search, see [Text chunking]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/text-chunking/).

## FAQ

1. When using connectors to call remote service like SageMaker, the ingestion/search fails due to remote connector throttling exception. How to mitigate this?

> - Please modify the connector [`client_config`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters) to decrease the `max_connection` to prevent max concurrent connection exceeds the threshold of remote service. You can also modify the retry settings to flatten the request spike during ingestion.

Author: Not sure whether this is the correct way to link other documents. Please help correct it if I make mistakes

Reviewer: This correct @zhichao-aws

## Next steps

- To learn more about splitting long text into passages for neural search, see [Text chunking]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/text-chunking/).

> ## FAQ

Reviewer 2: Do we need an FAQ section for only one question?

Refer to the following frequently asked questions for more information about neural sparse search.

> ### How do I mitigating throttling exceptions to remote connectors?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How do I mitigate remote connector throttling exceptions?
```

When using connectors to call a remote service like SageMaker, ingestion and search calls sometimes fail due to remote connector throttling exceptions. 

> To mitigate throttling exceptions, modify the connector [`client_config`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters) paramters to decrease the number of maximum connections, using the `max_connection` setting, in order to prevent max concurrent connection number from exceeding the threshold of the remote service. You can also modify the retry settings to flatten the request spike during ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate throttling exceptions, modify the connector [`client_config`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters) parameter to decrease the number of maximum connections, using the `max_connection` setting, to prevent the maximum number of concurrent connections  from exceeding the threshold of the remote service. You can also modify the retry settings to flatten the request spike during ingestion.
```

> To mitigate throttling exceptions, modify the connector [`client_config`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters) parameter to decrease the number of maximum connections, using the `max_connection` setting, to prevent the maximum number of concurrent connections  from exceeding the threshold of the remote service. You can also modify the retry settings to flatten the request spike during ingestion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To mitigate throttling exceptions, modify the connector's [`client_config`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters) parameter to decrease the number of maximum connections, using the `max_connection` setting to prevent the maximum number of concurrent connections from exceeding the threshold of the remote service. You can also modify the retry settings to flatten the request spike during ingestion.
```

> For versions before OpenSearch 2.15, the SageMaker throttling exception will be thrown as the following `"error": 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For versions earlier than OpenSearch 2.15, the SageMaker throttling exception will be thrown as the following `"error": 
```

> For versions before OpenSearch 2.15, the SageMaker throttling exception will be thrown as the following `"error": 

Reviewer 2: There is an orphaned tic mark before "error".
